solidarity rallies have spread outside
the US as well in the French Capital
students there have blocked the entrance
of the S po University Natasha Butler
joins us now and so Natasha it seems as
though the students have gathered to
protest again after a prop Palestine
protest was broken
[Music]
up yeah that's right and I mean you
could probably hear those protesters uh
behind me there are a few dozen students
outside there are a few dozen inside as
well they've been staging a sitting now
uh we believe for nearly 24 hours we
know that University authorities have
asked them to leave but so far uh they
haven't there are there's a very well
pretty light police presence I have to
say at either end of this street but for
now the protesters are being left alone
and if I step away you can maybe see
some of them hanging out of the window
they've got a number of banners saying
no to war that this is a genocide
they're also here Pro protesting not
only for uh the Palestinian people and
asking for an end of the war they're
also protesting to say that they want
universities in France including this
University sep which is one of the most
prestigious in France they're asking on
all universities to cut ties uh with
Israeli universities and they're also
calling on the French government to do
more to protect uh the Palestinian
people and protect what they say has
been an erosion of uh freedom of speech
in uh recent days and weeks because they
say that when a pro Palestinian protest
is organized and often the police move
in and they say that that's just simply
not fair and of course the police broke
up a a similar demonstration that
happened the day before natas we've seen
some very uh violent and heavy-handed
tactics being used in the US tell us
more about the way that the response
that we've seen to the student
protesters there in France
[Music]
well I think we have to put this into
context this isn't at this stage the
sort of movement that we're seeing in
the US uh we've seen a protest like this
in this particular University CPR uh in
Paris there have been uh two or three of
these sorts of protest and sittings but
it's not something that we've seen in
other universities in France at this
stage certainly some of the students
here are hoping uh that we might see a
wave of protests across universities and
educational establish ments as we've
been seeing in the United States but for
the time being that is not the case but
there were uh protests here at this
University before the police have moved
in and moved uh away those protesters
they've had to break them up because the
protesters uh didn't respond to the
request by the university uh to leave
the premises but so far that that's
that's all we've seen there's no doubt
there as I said that the protesters here
would very much like to see a wave of
protests like this across France that
they're encouraging other students to
join in and simply to get that message
out that they want an end to uh the war
Israel's war in Gaza and they want
universities across France to cut ties
with Israeli universities thank you
Natasha Butler in uh in Paris for us